hi guys welcome back to another video I
hope you do really good and you're
keeping it safe and well at the moment
in stage video I just wanted to go
through my current workout split whilst
we are all at home
I've had quite a lot of messages on my
Instagram DM about like what I'm doing
have a change in anything and I just
wanted to go through it really and
simplify it
I've got my knees up if you were new
positive so I have managed to keep my
work path split the same as what it was
in the gym obviously I just don't have
as much equipment so there are like some
exercises that I can't do that kind of
thing but you know we move with that so
at the moment I've got two lower body
days of her I do legs twice a week he's
you on Monday and Friday are my like leg
days when I was in the gym I did used to
separate like more like boots and then
quads in to sort of separate days but
not having like the equipment and stuff
I just tend to do like legs and glutes
on both the Monday and Friday so Monday
is usually legs and glutes Tuesday is a
shoulder and chest workout Wednesdays
are usually throwing like whatever I'm
feeling you know so it's sometimes a hit
workout or like just like an intense
circuit I'll go for a run
though I've done that once but I did go
that for a run on last week to just hang
to which is not I'm not really very
tense and all I'll do like some abs that
kind of vibe and then Thursday is a back
day I'm absolutely loving training back
from home so I've got like one of those
pull-up bar things and I have to be like
a very strong independent woman when I'm
doing pull-up from that thing and then
Friday is like and then I'll try always
try and have like two rest days on a
weekend where I can just like chill out
but in my rest days I do still get like
a good load of steps in I've been known
since we're being quarantined I've been
doing 10 K steps a day which is unheard
of like I never used to do that before
I've been really enjoying that really
good for your mind I've been at
listening to loads of like educational
into both podcasts just living life
really and they've really changed my
mindset like whenever I just feel a bit
stressed a minute other things are
getting a bit I talk of me just get out
for a walk
take your dog and although Penelope car
gone like extremely long lost she's only
just gone that six months and so it's
quite funny cuz forgot to like a
separate walks and also she gets a bit
tired and then refuses to move so it
just looks ridiculous like just does
this weird like thing like that in terms
of like my diet and nutrition style of
things I am still in a cutting phase
however I have slightly increased my
calories I wasn't like a bit more of a
deficit but since it's been in
quarantine and like not being able to
like up my weights like as you would in
the gym and train the same way would in
the gym I have just gone a slightly
below my maintenance because I didn't
want to lose too much weight
like all too quickly really so we don't
know how long it is or going on for I've
just been experimenting with that side
of things because I wasn't sure I think
none of these more muscle mass because
I'm not lifting as heavy as I would we
have got some weights that are on the
way but whether they actually turn up or
not who knows because of the weight nice
six weeks already you and I haven't got
the tracking info but we're making do
just fine I'm not I'm not stressing
about anything you just got to in this
situation just let go let it be do your
bit like adapt and just keep going to
keep consistent I think that's the most
important thing right now is just
staying consistent because as soon as
the gyms reopen it's gonna be so much
easier and you're gonna be a hundred
million steps ahead rather than just
stop it all together not really working
out or moving getting quite low within
yourself more than anything working out
for me during this like period of time
has really like been more a mental thing
more than
in a morning I love getting a workout
stone I always feel the same way after
I've got it done I feel like powerful
within myself I feel strong mentally and
just ready to take on my day so that is
like my perspective of working out from
home I've been really loving my steps
and to track my steps I've been using my
Fitbit which I keep going through this
draft because if I wear like a hoodie
the coloring seems to come off onto the
actual strap like it's kind of got a bit
the pink strap was one it's pink and now
it's got like Blacky tinge on it if you
pound the family yeah this is the Fitbit
charge three and I've been really
impressed with this track so least
actually contractually workouts
obviously it's not completely 100%
accurate you can't really any of these
devices aren't 100% but it's nice to
have like a rough idea just got back
from his ball catch so he was feeling a
bit stressed weren't you so you get off
on her it's Austral huh Falcon wobbling
over it defeated you didn't it she
really pulls on the lead so I decided
today you know what you can pull but I'm
just gonna run with you so she was
absolutely shattered after five minutes
and so I'm gonna show you some of the
equipment that I've have been working
with and at first I was kind of
disheartening because I was like oh God
like there's no hope for me I'm not
gonna have to get like decent workouts
in with what I hacked it is quite
minimal but just having a resistant like
that read resistance band I mentioned in
my last video the long one I will show
you that in a second you haven't already
seen I've managed to intensify things a
lot more than I expected and also just
adding extra time and attention and
really making sure that you can feel
like you're contraction every muscle in
and just get creative like I've been
doing all sorts with that BAM there's
been over my head
under my foot everywhere where Penelope
spends the next however long we cook
course expecting something to just drop
on the floor like you gets right into
our feet so man tell me what your tips
and tricks for staying fit yeah okay
right there like a toe shoes aren't they
cool bothers them I don't like them but
you can't are smoking there told me
going to about being grounded yeah we've
got these a liquid liquid egg whites
from a muscle food and save so much time
and waste with like the add egg yolks
ask quite a while so I try to show you
some of the bits that I've been using so
for more from my upper body workout
specifically back this is like a pull-up
bar and you'll eat she just like slide
it over the door and just slide that
over the door and then you can do
neutral grip wide grip because it's got
different pads super super handy I'll
try and leave a link to a similar one
cuz I'm pretty sure that so much the
specific one was out of stock but I
think they're all pretty similar yeah
I've just got or Kettlewell this is come
in really really handy so I'll leave
anything that I can like links down
below and then the next thing is this
one of Mason's old backpacks and I've
got these like little weights that I got
with these dumbbells I just got the two
dumbbells they're like the best quality
because it was kind of like invented
because I literally just filled with
sound and then we found these like metal
poles so we've kind of been sliding them
the backpack and using that as like like
doing deadlifts doing front squats but I
think the backpack probably the best
thing that review the other little bits
and pieces that this has been like my
holy grail workout piece this red band
because I've been using that every
single day you can do so much with these
I've really recommend getting one of
those and then Mason actually already
have these in but they're just like
little ankle weights and I only use
these for like accessory work and just
like many like burnout exercises and
they don't do too much but there's still
something just add a bit more resistance
you also use your dog to do weights what
you think about that Penelope she's
actually so heavy and she will probably
at least lift her something else that we
already had how important you was just
this armband if you're doing like more
runs and stuff these are so handy and
they've got a little key holder
mentioned this in another vid is where
he actually took this outside earlier oh
this is my other resistance band you can
actually double the red one and this one
up to really add some extra resistance
but I use these for all like my leg
workouts and warm up warm up stones they
rub it in the interior bit as well I've
literally been working with for however
long been in quarantine and I've still
managed to get some really good workouts
in and I've been feeling good
[Music]
I think that wraps up this video I
really hope that was helpful and useful
let me know what other videos you would
like to see anything like Fitness
related or any more like help some tips
and tricks just let me know in the
comments if you aren't already don't
forget to subscribe and like this video
and I will see you guys in the next one